-[gunshot]
-[country music playing]
Hola, amigos,
all you bounty hunters out in the system.
How are you doing?
Punch and I have
got a good one for you today.
[Punch] That's right, Judy,
a mad bomber is terrorizing Venus.
He's blown up not one, not two,
but three public buildings
in the last ten days.
And word on the street is
this master-of-boom only has one hand
and a creepy calling-card to match.
Roll the vid!
[timer beeping]
[robotic laughter]
-Get back!
-[explosion]
Holy shit.
Maybe he's trying to make a statement?
Who knows?
This is a juicy steak, cowboys.
With a two million woolong bounty.
Two million, Punch?
That's one of our biggest bounties
in a long time.
Yes, indeed, Judy!
-So--
-So go get him!
I was supposed to say that part.
[organ music playing]
[Spike] I'm just saying,
you don't need the ceremony.
You skip right to the reception.
People would be much happier.
-[Jet] The ceremony is the whole point.
-No. No.
-Great music, open bar, food.
-[indistinct chatter]
I could do wedding receptions all day.
Could you just focus? Please.
You do realize this guy
is blowing up public buildings
in the middle of the night, right?
I do.
Which means he has to plant them
when the buildings are open,
during the day.
-Look, we need the dough from this, so…
-[snorts]
-Where are you going?
-I'm going to the bathroom.
I told you to lay off that Venusian tea.
Stuff burns right through you.
Thanks, Mom.
-Excuse me. Sorry.
-[jazz music playing]
[urinating]
[Jet over radio] Can you hurry it up?
I'm flowing as fast as I can.
[Jet] Well, make it flow faster.
More guests are arriving
and I need you looking out
for anyone suspicious.
I hate to break it to you, Jet,
but you're
the most suspicious-looking guy here.
Please, I did a year undercover
with Io bootleggers.
Let's just say, I know how to blend in.
[Spike] Jet, there's
a thousand buildings on Venus.
Trying to figure out which one
this guy's gonna blow up next
is like trying to find
a needle in a haystack of needles.
And yet here we are at a wedding.
[Jet] Hunches are
a very important part of our job.
But, hey, I'm happy to stake it out alone.
And the all-you-can-eat noodle bar
afterwards.
Noodle bar?
[chuckles]
Well, you should never ignore a hunch.
[door opens]
[cracking]
[grunts]
[both grunting]
[grunts and groans]
What, are you taking a dump now?
-We ain't got all day.
-[static]
Hello?
[grunts]
[grunting]
Spike!
Hello?
God damn it.
Spike? I think I got something.
[panting]
[gunshots]
[both grunting]
Hey, pal.
You know what's worth 2 million woos
and looks good in handcuffs?
[people gasp]
[Jet groans]
-[yells]
-Shit.
God damn it, Spike, where are you?
[both grunting]
[gunshots]
Move, move! Move! Move!
[assassin panting]
[groans]
Who sent you?
The Syndicate?
Fuck you,
that's who. [laughs]
[grunts and groans]
[theme music playing]
[theme music continues playing]
[Spike] You keep saying it
like it was all my fault.
It was your goddamn fault.
I needed you and you weren't there.
Look, I'm sorry
about your face and all, all right?
But the good news is your hunch was right,
so unless you died and I didn't notice,
how about we move on, huh?
I haven't died yet.
And lucky for you, I got this.
Oh. I could use an extra hand.
Evidence, wise-ass.
The bomber had
to handle the explosives, right?
-Hmm.
-Figure there's got to be traces on it.
[Spike] Hmm.
[beeps]
The chem-sig reader will tell us
what kind of explosives he used.
Then we can source suppliers.
Yeah.
Uh-huh.
Spike!
Are you even with me?
Yeah. Yeah. Uh…
You know, explosives and then
we gotta find that supplier, right?
Hey, how long is this gonna take,
do you think?
Couple of hours.
[Spike] Hmm.
-I'm going to go get some noodles.
-The hell you are.
-We've got to dissect this.
-"This" being?
-The bomber's manifesto.
-Oh.
If we're going to find this guy,
we've got to figure out
what kind of crazy asshole he is.
Right.
Anarchist, terrorist, guy who never got
his Boy Scout badge from fire-making.
Um, yeah, I don't read when I'm flying.
Makes me nauseous.
We're not flying, Spike.
I'm about to be.
Like I said, I never got my noodles.
Spike.
Spike!
We're in the middle of a goddamn job.
[tuts]
[beeping]
[engine accelerating]
[man 1] Okay.
[man 2] Here you go.
Have a lovely evening.
We always do, darling.
Well, well, looking gorgeous as ever,
Mrs. Langford.
[Peggy laughs]
And you, you're quite sharp
and delicious yourself. [laughs]
Always the tease, Gren.
And the music has only just begun.
Shall we imbibe?
[Peggy chuckles] Mmm-hmm.
-[jazz music playing]
-[indistinct chatter]
Now, you'll be thrilled to know that
I personally reserved table 8
for you tonight.
[Peggy] Nice. Front and center.
The Markmans were vying for that spot
but I just plain like you two more.
-[Peggy laughs]
-[Buck chuckles] Oh, naughty Gren!
What you must say about us
when we're not around.
Only decadent things.
[Peggy] Mmm. [laughs]
I, uh, heard a rumor…
[Gren] Rita Leontine
is not on the bill tonight.
Oh, don't be coy.
We all know she's on planet.
And she craves her after-hours jams.
And of course, where better to jam
into the wee hours than Ana's?
[Peggy] Mmm-hmm.
Oh, the birdies do squawk so
when they shouldn't.
[Peggy] Hmm.
I shall neither confirm it nor deny,
but
you may want to order that second bottle
of reserve and linger 'til sunup.
[laughs]
Keep 'em coming.
-Decadent.
-[Peggy laughs]
[indistinct chatter]
[Daveed] My father taught y'all folks
to stand up like a man!
[groans]
You forget where you are.
Tory, what's the first commandment
of Ana's?
Differences die at the door.
[Ana] Now, imagine me telling Santiago
you were spinning up
some bullshit in my place?
-Get him out of here.
-[bouncer] Let's go.
It'd be his balls in the sugar bowl.
And good night to you too, Detective.
But he…
Fine. I'm going.
Making a drop.
Send it.
[gasps]
Surprise.
They told me…
They told me you were dead.
It's okay.
I'm okay.
Hey. I'm okay.
-[grunts]
-[groans]
-[chuckles] Ow.
-Three years.
Three years you let me believe
you were dead.
They tried to kill me, Ana.
Of course they did.
No one leaves the Syndicate.
Not even you.
Start talking.
[jazz music playing]
"Food, water and education
are a form of mind control."
"People can only be pushed so far,
but also not far enough."
[groans]
"All will see the Angel's halo
shimmering in the sky."
[snickers] Gibberish.
All of it.
[Spike] May I?
By all means, help yourself.
Oh. No Kudo?
[sighs]
What happened to your leg?
Getting old.
[sighs]
Ah. There she is.
Cheers.
Thank you.
[Ana] So what brings you back
from the dead after all these years?
A week ago I did a job.
I got mixed up in some Syndicate shit.
What kind of job?
A bounty.
-Don't. Stop. [chuckles]
-[laughing]
You're a cowboy?
What else would you have me do?
-Something that won't get you killed.
-Okay.
[Ana chuckles]
-So did you leave any loose ends?
-No.
Nothing to worry about then.
Yeah, that's what I thought.
Until an assassin came at me this morning.
It wouldn't be the first time
an old bounty came after me, but, um…
Today was different.
The guy was Syndicate-trained.
What they send to take care of a problem.
Say I agree to help, which I shouldn't,
since you let me believe you were dead,
let me mourn you.
But let's pretend I can find it
in my dark heart to forgive you.
Why come to me?
So you can do what you do best.
You can listen.
[mysterious music playing]
[indistinct chatter on TV]
[beeping]
Replay the security footage
for the bombings, Marvin.
[imperceptible]
"And all will see the Angel's halo
shimmering in the sky."
Piece of shit
just likes to watch them burn.
[scoffs] Where the hell is he?
[dialing]
[line ringing]
Marvin, track the location
of the Swordfish.
[beeping]
[sighs]
[vibrating]
-I've got to go.
-[Ana] Hot date?
My partner, believe it or not.
He know what you used to be?
-[chuckling] No.
-[laughs]
Dying didn't teach you
that lying is no way to be?
You don't know him.
He wouldn't understand.
And you ain't going to give him a chance.
The guy's an ex-cop.
He despises the Syndicate.
It would…
[sighs] It would break him.
Then he'd break me.
[somber music playing]
[gunshot]
Is she happy?
[breathes deeply]
She's married now.
To Vicious.
Been a few years.
And, yeah,
she's happy.
I have to go.
If I hear anything,
I'll reach out the usual way.
Thank you.
And, Fearless…
will I ever see you again?
Fearless is dead.
I go by Spike Spiegel these days.
[ominous music playing]
[knocking at door]
[knocking continues]
What?
The Elders would like a word.
[warbling]
[breath trembling]
[Caliban] You betrayed us, Vicious.
You've been dealing Red-Eye
behind our backs.
I was merely attempting
to expand our business.
Our profits.
Your profits. I thought if we--
[Caliban] You thought?
You're not here to think.
-You're here to do as you're told.
-[hesitates]
I misunderstood.
It won't happen again. Forgive me.
[Prospero] Words are insufficient.
[Miranda] Actions must be taken.
[Caliban] Loyalty must be proven.
[gun cocks]
[Prospero] Take from us…
[Miranda] We take from you.
[Caliban] Your wife.
-Please.
-Vicious…
Please. [breathing heavily]
Anything else.
Take a finger. Take my whole hand.
[Caliban] Syndicate above all else.
[Julia gasps]
[Julia crying]
Vicious.
Please.
[sobbing] Please.
[Caliban] Do it!
-[gun clicks]
-[whimpers]
[Caliban] Don't make us question
your loyalty again, boy.
-[Jet] Look who finally showed up.
-[Spike] You're welcome.
[Jet] While you were out chasing a meal,
you know what I was doing?
-No, but I bet you're gonna tell me.
-The job.
Analyzing the explosives,
breaking down its composition,
hoofing it to every demo site in Ishtar.
This is the fifth place I've checked.
Which you'd know if you'd
picked up your goddamn phone.
[Spike] Yeah, I would have,
if I thought it was important.
Jesus, you're prickly today.
Hard times at that noodle shop?
-It was a bust.
-Yeah, tough nuts for you.
Yeah, I get crabby when I'm hungry.
-I hear you.
-[man] Excuse me.
Mind telling me
what you're doing on my job site?
And you think the explosives came from us?
[Jet] He's using Vaxium Nitrate to target
buildings made of Venusian quartz.
When the two interact,
they create a halo-like effect
that the bomber seems to enjoy.
You can use a lot of different types
of explosive to demo Venusian quartz.
We analyzed a bomb fragment.
You mean your machine analyzed
a bomb fragment.
When you cook an egg, do you need
to give credit to the frying pan?
I'm just saying.
It's Vaxium Nitrate. We're positive.
Your machine is positive.
At least I didn't screw off
to get noodles for six hours,
and not even get noodles.
-I told you where I was going--
-You didn't tell me anything.
-That's the whole point. You--
-Hey, hey. Hey!
-[both arguing]
-[whistles] What the hell?
I've seen the good-cop, bad-cop routine,
but never the dick-cop, asshole-cop.
-We're not cops.
-Then what are you?
-Just assholes?
-Oh.
What we are
is not above cutting you in on the payout.
If you help us.
Look, I'd love to make some extra scratch,
but nothing's missing from our stock.
I go over the paperwork
at the end of every week myself.
The Vaxium Nitrate didn't come from us.
You have the paperwork to prove it?
You don't believe me,
ask Theodore yourself.
Theodore?
Our supplies guy. Theodore Clark.
Keeps the stock in his freighter
a few buildings down.
[Spike] Wait.
Are you telling us
your bomb guy's name is Teddy?
Could it really be this easy?
[Jet] I don't know. It's never this easy.
[Spike] How do you want to do this?
Door knock or B and E?
[Jet] Mmm… B and E.
That way we get the drop on him.
[Spike] Okay. You B, I'll E.
[Jet] Whatever's up your ass,
you've just got to tell me.
It's probably nothing
I haven't heard before.
Yeah.
This is what partners do.
They air this shit out.
Look, um, I'm…
tired.
I'm tired and I'm hungry,
that's all. Really.
So, um, let's get this guy
and get out of here.
-All right?
-All right.
[breathing heavily]
[exhales heavily]
I knew the gun wasn't loaded.
-The weight was off.
-Liar.
What was I supposed to do?
Make sure the gun is loaded next time.
-Julia--
-No!
No, you promised to keep me safe.
From the Elders. Especially from him!
But I see now
you will always be in the shadow.
-Julia--
-You may as well put a bullet in me now.
Because you will never be man enough
to stand up for yourself!
-[gasps]
-[breathing heavily]
Don't you ever
-tell me…
-[whimpers]
-…I'm not man enough.
-[chokes]
[sobbing]
[bell dinging in distance]
-[whirring]
-[suspenseful music playing]
[whispering] Put your gun away.
We're surrounded by explosives.
Hey, where are you going?
[whispering] He's probably in the cockpit.
That's too obvious.
It's too…
-Follow me.
-Yeah, but the cockpit--
Spike.
I… He's probably in the cockpit.
What?
Booby trap.
Step on that,
you're wearing your asshole for an ascot.
Whoa.
Hey. You're welcome.
Yikes.
[Spike sniffs]
Still warm.
He was just here.
-[thudding]
-[engine starts]
And we're moving.
Shit.
Cockpit! Don't you dare say it!
-Don't you dare say "I told you so!"
-[Spike] I won't.
But I did.
-[groans] It's locked.
-Is he in there?
I don't think so. I can't see him.
Maybe he's crouched down by the door.
-[alarm beeping]
-[thudding]
[Jet] Oh, shit.
[Spike] Probably just space debris.
I've seen "just space debris"
shred armored ISSP cruisers.
Would you relax?
We have been through a hundred of these.
There's nothing to worry about.
-[explosion]
-[Spike] Whoa!
I think we lost our bounty.
[Spike] And any way to steer this thing.
We've got to get off this ship
before it blows.
Help me look for an escape pod.
Are you serious? On this bucket?
What piece of crap ship
doesn't have an escape pod, Spike?
-Your piece of crap ship.
-Hey!
And if you would have listened to me
and gone to the cockpit
in the first place,
none of this would be happening.
You know, I've been giving you
the benefit of the doubt
because I figured you had a shit day,
but I'm 100% sure
that your being an asshole
has nothing to do with noodles.
What?
What is that supposed to mean?
Who turns off their tracker
for six hours to get noodles?
Are you… Are you tracking me?
-Where were you?
-I was at a bar.
-With who?
-What does it matter with who?
It matters because partners
don't disappear on partners.
I'm there when it counts.
Until you're not!
I need honesty
from the guy who's watching my six.
[beeps]
[sighs] God damn it.
[beeping]
[whimsical music playing]
[Teddy Bomber speaking indistinctly]
I'm sorry, what?
-Did you get that?
-No.
[speaking indistinctly]
[Jet] I'm sorry, I can't understand a word
you're saying with the mask on, pal.
[groans in frustration]
[speaking indistinctly]
Oh, no. I got it.
He's going to blow us sky high
if we don't catch the Ichabod.
-Yeah.
-[speaking indistinctly]
What the hell is an Ichabod?
How the hell am I supposed to know?
You read the manifesto.
I skimmed it.
You skimmed the manifesto?
Well, you weren't there.
I had a bonsai to take care of.
After the guilt trip you gave me,
you didn't even read the manifesto?
-We were running out of fuel.
-You told me to read it.
-I mean, the point was--
-Huge guilt trip.
-[Jet] Spike!
-[shouting indistinctly]
Hey, I hear you.
You are making a lot of great points.
We get it.
You're going to blow us sky high…
-[muffled shouting]
-Right. I understand. You are a bad man.
[upbeat jazz music playing]
[screams]
[grunting]
Spike!
[Jet grunts]
[sighs]
Clutch move.
Oh.
Not Ichabod.
-Escape pod.
[both laughing]
You take the escape pod.
I can handle the weight--
[beeps]
I'll probably get distracted.
Stop for noodles or at a bar,
or take a massive dump.
Or all three, so…
I'll be back.
[Jet grunts]
-Jet. Um…
-Yeah.
There is something I've got to tell you.
I'm starving.
Would you mind bringing me those noodles?
[chuckles]
You got it, partner.
Thanks, partner.
[jazz music playing]
We should have Tui tell him.
He's not going to kill us.
Have at it.
[Shin] Boss.
We got word on Gunther.
Fearless killed him.
At the church.
[jazz music continues playing]